AVR-Buzzer: Play square waves in a buzzer
=========================================
This library could not be simpler, really :)  It has only one source file, with less than 10 lines of code. It
defines an **interrupt service routine** (ISR) that handles the compare match A for TIMER2 (8-bit) of an MCU
in the atmega168 series.

This library is supposed to be used as the simplest possible transmission backend for a sound generation
library. The signal generated by the generator will be output as-is on PORTB (pin 0). The generator's only
responsibility is to assign the compare register A of TIMER2 (OCR2A) to match the desired sound signal
frequency. AVR-Buzzer then handles the compare match interrupt, toggling pin 0 of PORTB.


Installing and using in applications
------------------------------------
As with all other component libraries of [avr-wavegen](https://github.com/joaopizani/avr-wavegen), you can
compile and install avr-buzzer at a certain PREFIX in your filesystem by just typing

    make install PREFIX=[prefix]

To use avr-buzzer in an application, you must link your application with the static lib file (libavr-buzzer.a)
found under $PREFIX/lib. In the case that you are using a Makefile from avr-wavegen as a template for the
Makefile in your application - or using the Makefile template from
[avr-utils](https://github.com/joaopizani/avr-utils) - then you can just add the following to your paths.def:
``` bash
    AVRBUZZER_ROOT=[path to PREFIX where you installed avr-buzzer]
    AVRBUZZER_INCLUDE=${AVRBUZZER_ROOT}/include
    AVRBUZZER_LIBS=${AVRBUZZER_ROOT}/lib/avr-buzzer
    AVRBUZZER_INCFLAGS=-I${AVRBUZZER_INCLUDE}
    AVRBUZZER_LIBFLAGS=-Wl,--whole-archive -L${AVRBUZZER_LIBS} -lavr-buzzer -Wl,--no-whole-archive
```

Observation: the *-Wl,--whole-archive* and *-Wl,--no-whole-archive* options are needed because the library
mainly consists of an interruption handler, which wouldn't otherwise be linked in. Finally, you should
append AVRBUZZER\_INCFLAGS and AVRBUZZER\_LIBFLAGS, respectively, to the variables EXT\_INCFLAGS and EXT\_LIBFLAGS,
which should be present at the end of your paths.def. Like this:
``` bash
    EXT_INCFLAGS=${LIB1_INCFLAGS} ${LIB2_INCFLAGS} ${AVRBUZZER_INCFLAGS} ...
    EXT_LIBFLAGS=${LIB1_LIBFLAGS} ${LIB2_LIBFLAGS} ${AVRBUZZER_LIBFLAGS} ...
```

